More information on advanced query support for b2c (#83350)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/microsoft-graph-operations.md

To use MS Graph API, and interact with resources in your Azure AD B2C tenant, you need an application registration that grants the permissions to do so. Follow the steps in the [Manage Azure AD B2C with Microsoft Graph](microsoft-graph-get-started.md) article to create an application registration that your management application can use. 

## User management
> [!NOTE]

> > Azure AD currently does not support advanced query capabilities on Azure AD B2C directory objects. This means that there is no support for `$count`, `$search` query parameters and Not (`not`), Not equals (`ne`), and Ends with (`endsWith`) operators in `$filter` query parameter. For more information, see [Graph query paremeters](/graph/query-parameters) and [Graph API Advanced query capabilities](/graph/aad-advanced-queries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Azure AD B2C currently does not support advanced query capabilities on directory objects. This means that there is no support for `$count`, `$search` query parameters and Not (`not`), Not equals (`ne`), and Ends with (`endsWith`) operators in `$filter` query parameter. For more information, see [query parameters in Microsoft Graph](/graph/query-parameters) and [advanced query capabilities in Microsoft Graph](/graph/aad-advanced-queries).
```
